new icn messageflickr-free-ic3d pan white

[ ](/ "flickr logo. if you click it, you'll go home")

  * [ explore ](/explore)
    * [recent photos](/explore)
    * [trending](/photos/tags)
    * [events](/events)
    * [the commons](/commons)
    * [flickr galleries](/galleries)
    * [world map](/map)
    * [camera finder](/cameras)
    * [flickr blog](https://blog.flickr.net/)
  * [ prints ](/prints)
    * [ prints & wall art ](/prints)
    * [ photo books ](/create)
  * [get pro](/account/upgrade/pro)

  *   * [ _upload_ ](/upload)
  * [log in](/signin)
  * [sign up](/signup)

  * [ log in ](/signin)

  * [ explore ](/explore)
  * [trending](/photos/tags)
  * [events](/events)
  * [the commons](/commons)
  * [flickr galleries](/galleries)
  * [flickr blog](https://blog.flickr.net/)

  * [ prints & wall art ](/prints)
  * [ photo books ](/create)

  * [ get pro ](/account/upgrade/pro)

[about](/about) [jobs](/jobs) [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
[developers](/services/developer) [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
[help](//help.flickr.com) [help forum](/help/forum) [privacy](/help/privacy)
[terms](/help/terms) cookies

[english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)

# policies & guidelines

  * [ terms ](/help/terms)
  * [ privacy ](/help/privacy)
  * [ api ](/help/terms/api)
  * [ community ](/help/guidelines)
  * [ cookies ](/help/cookies)
  * [ data processing ](/help/dpa)
  * 

## flickr terms & conditions of use

date of last revision: april 30, 2020

we strive to create consistent standards for all of our users. this agreement
was written in english (us). to the extent any translated version of this
agreement conflicts with the english version, the english version controls. if
any portion of this statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining
portion will remain in full force and effect.

as of may 29, 2018, flickr is owned and operated by flickr, inc. these terms
of use apply to your access to and use of flickr.com (the “site”), the
official flickr mobile and apple tv applications, and the related flickr
services, such as flickr pro services (collectively with the site and the rest
of the foregoing, the “services”). for example, these terms of use apply to
your use of the services to purchase photographic prints, videos or other
related merchandise, products and services ("products") through flickr’s
approved third party vendors and retailers ("flickr vendors").

flickr, inc. is owned by smugmug, inc. in these terms of use, the term
“smugmug” refers to flickr, inc., together with smugmug, inc. and its
subsidiaries and their respective employees, agents, affiliates and
contractors. however, these terms of use do not apply to smugmug-branded
services offered by the smugmug family of companies. please see
<https://www.smugmug.com/about/terms> for terms of use applicable to those
services.

please read these terms of use carefully. by accessing or using the services,
purchasing products or flickr pro services, or clicking that you agree, you
agree to be bound by these terms of use.

these terms of use contain provisions that govern how claims that you and
smugmug have against each other are resolved (see section 15 — dispute
resolution). these provisions require you to resolve certain disputes or
claims relating to your use of the services by binding arbitration, rather
than in court. if you do not consent to such terms, you are not permitted to
use the services.

your use of the services (such as your purchase of products) is expressly
conditioned upon your agreement to these terms of use. if you do not consent
to these terms of use, you are not permitted to use any services. if you
access the services on behalf of a company or other entity, you warrant that
you are an authorized representative of such company or entity with the right
to bind such company or entity to these terms of use.

the services are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under
the age of 16. if you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you may use the
services only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees
to be bound by these terms of use.

smugmug reserves the right to change, modify, revise or otherwise amend any
provision of these terms of use, and any other terms, policies or guidelines
governing your use of the services, at any time at its sole discretion by
providing notice that the terms of use have been modified. such notice may be
provided by sending an email, or by posting a notice on the site, or by
posting the revised terms of use on the site and revising the date at the top
of these terms of use or by such other form of notice as determined by
smugmug. your use of the services (such as through your purchase of any
products) or your purchase of new services following the posting of the
revised terms of use or other notice will constitute your acceptance of such
changes or modifications. otherwise, any changes or modifications will be
effective within thirty (30) days of the posting of the revisions on the site
unless you notify smugmug within such thirty (30) days that you do not agree
to the changes and stop using the services. therefore, you should review these
terms of use whenever you access the services and at least every thirty (30)
days to make sure that you understand the terms and conditions that will apply
to your use of the services.

you authorize smugmug to collect, use, disclose and otherwise process
information about you as set forth in our [privacy policy](/help/privacy). for
residents of the uk or european economic area, the preceding sentence is not
intended to constitute your “consent” to any processing of your own personal
data for purposes of the gdpr or local eprivacy legislation, and flickr will
seek such consent separately from these terms of use where applicable law
requires flickr to have your consent.

  1. general terms

    1. additional policies

these terms of use and the following additional flickr terms and policies (as
applicable) together constitute a binding agreement between you and smugmug.
all such additional policies are incorporated into these terms of use as
applicable and collectively govern your use of the services and/or purchase of
products.

      * flickr community guidelines

when you use flickr, you are subject to the [flickr community
guidelines](/help/guidelines)

      * flickr pro services terms

the services consist of the free flickr services, as well as the paid flickr
services known as flickr pro (“flickr pro services”). the flickr pro services
include all the benefits of free flickr services along with additional
advantages available only to flickr pro services users. for more information
on flickr pro services, please see the additional terms and information found
at section b below.

      * terms of sale

our terms of sale set forth in section a below contain additional terms,
conditions and policies applicable to your purchase of products through the
services. by ordering products through the services, you agree to be bound by
and accept the terms of sale.

      * copyright policy

smugmug respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its
users to do the same. to that end, all flickr users are subject to the
copyright policy set forth in section b below.

      * mobile applications

the flickr mobile application is available for download by users via
authorized application stores and other platforms (e.g., the apple app store).
if you access and use the services via the flickr mobile application, or on a
mobile phone, tablet or similar mobile device, you are bound by these terms of
use.

      * data processing addendum

the [flickr data processing addendum](https://www.flickr.com/help/dpa)
supplements these terms of use and applies with respect to (i) the photos and
videos you upload, and (ii) any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or
categorizations that you add to those photos and videos. to the extent of any
conflict between these terms of use and the data processing addendum, the data
processing addendum will govern.

    2. license

the services and all images, software, platforms, tools, graphics, data, text,
code, the marks (as defined below) and other content and materials available
on the services (excluding user content) and the selection and arrangement
thereof (collectively, the “flickr materials”) are the property of smugmug or
its third party licensors and are protected by united states and international
intellectual property laws.

smugmug hereby grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
revocable license to access and use the flickr materials solely in accordance
with these terms of use. except for the limited licenses granted hereunder,
smugmug reserves all rights not expressly granted and no such additional
rights may be implied. you acknowledge that (i) all right, title and interest
in and to the flickr materials, including all patents, copyrights, trade
secrets, trademarks and other proprietary rights embodied therein or
associated therewith, are and will remain with smugmug or its third party
licensors; (ii) no right or interest in the flickr materials is conveyed other
than the limited licenses granted herein; (iii) the flickr materials are
protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws; and (iv) smugmug
asserts that the flickr materials embody valuable confidential and secret
information of smugmug or its licensors, the development of which required the
expenditure of considerable time and money.

    3. marks

you acknowledge that “smugmug”, the smugmug logo, “flickr”, the flickr logo,
the look and feel of the services, and any other product or service names,
logos or slogans of either smugmug or flickr contained in the services are
trademarks of smugmug (collectively, the “marks”) and may not be copied,
imitated or used without the prior written permission of smugmug. all other
trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos
mentioned in the services are the property of their respective owners.

smugmug may provide users with tools to download the marks via the services.
if you download or otherwise obtain the marks using such tools, smugmug grants
you a limited right to (i) use the marks for the sole purpose of referencing
the services and (ii) to use only those marks that are made available to you
by smugmug through such tools. your use of any marks must be consistent with
the size, dimensions, color and other characteristics of the marks and
consistent with any other policies concerning the marks that we may post on
the site or otherwise make available through the services from time to time.
you may not (i) alter or change the appearance of the marks, (ii) use the
marks in any manner that suggests smugmug sponsors or endorses a product,
service, promotion, contest, or (iii) use the marks for any other purpose
deemed by smugmug to be inappropriate. smugmug has the right to revoke your
right to use the marks at any time at our sole discretion.

    4. restrictions

you agree that you will not (i) modify or alter the flickr materials; (ii)
create derivative works of the flickr materials; (iii) decompile, disassemble,
decode or reverse engineer the flickr materials, translate the flickr
materials or otherwise attempt to learn the source code, structure, algorithms
or internal ideas underlying the flickr materials or reduce the flickr
materials by any other means to a human-perceivable form; or (iv) bypass,
delete or disable any copy protection mechanisms or any security mechanisms in
the flickr materials.

except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, you may not use the services
or the flickr materials to engage in any of the following prohibited
activities:

      * the collection, copying or distribution of any portion of the flickr materials;

      * any resale, commercial use, commercial exploitation, distribution, public performance or public display of the services or the flickr materials;

      * modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the services or the flickr materials;

      * scraping or otherwise using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods on or in connection with the services;

      * with the exception of user content made available by users for download, the downloading of any portion of the flickr materials or any information contained therein; or

      * any use of the services or the flickr materials other than for their intended purposes.

any use of the services or of any flickr materials other than as specifically
authorized herein, without the express prior written permission of smugmug and
the applicable flickr user or the content owner, is strictly prohibited. any
such unauthorized use may result in the immediate termination of your rights
under these terms of use and will constitute a breach of the license granted
herein.

    5. hyperlinks

you may create a text hyperlink to the site, provided such link does not
portray flickr or smugmug or any of its products or services in a false,
misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner. this limited right may
be revoked by smugmug at any time. you may not frame the site or utilize
framing techniques to enclose the site, flickr materials, flickr marks or
other proprietary information without smugmug’s express prior written consent.

as a part of the services, we may provide you with access to and use of
certain personalized pages and corresponding web addresses (“urls”) that you
may customize. smugmug does not guarantee the availability of any particular
web page or url and reserves the right, at any time and at our sole
discretion, to reclaim, suspend, terminate and/or transfer any such web page
or url.

    6. user content

the services may enable you to upload, post and transmit photos and videos to
the site or other portions of the services (including to your user photo
galleries or groups through the services) and also provide you with access to
discussion forums, blogs and other interactive areas in which you or other
users may post or transmit photos, videos, text, music, messages, information,
comments, labels, tags, descriptions, categorizations or other content or
materials (collectively, the “user content”).

you retain all intellectual property rights in and to any user content you
post, upload or otherwise make available through the services, including the
copyright in and to your photos and videos. smugmug does not claim any
ownership, right, title or interest in and to your user content.

notwithstanding the foregoing, by uploading and/or posting any user content to
the services, you request, and grant smugmug a perpetual, nonexclusive and
royalty-free right to use the user content (and the user name that is
submitted in connection with such user content) as is reasonably necessary in
order to do the following: (1) provide the services, including to display the
user content on the services; (2) comply with your instructions pursuant to
flickr’s data protection addendum; (3) comply with legal requirements,
including disclosing user content in response to legal process from
governmental authorities; (4) disclose user content without any compulsory
legal process when flickr believes there is a threat to life or limb. in the
absence of a legal requirement to do so, flickr may refrain from notifying you
of flickr’s disclosures to governmental authorities where such notification
may jeopardize an important law enforcement investigation. flickr may engage
service providers for assistance with carrying out any obligation or
exercising any right under these terms of use.

you represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the
rights to the user content that you post or transmit, or you otherwise have
the right to post, use, display, distribute and reproduce such user content
and to grant the rights granted herein; (ii) the user content you supply is
accurate and not misleading; and (iii) the use and posting of the user content
you supply does not violate these terms of use and will not violate any rights
of or cause injury to any person or entity.

from time to time, smugmug may limit the amount of user content, including
your photographs, stored via the site. smugmug has the right, at any time, to
remove your user content stored on the site in excess of such limits. further,
if smugmug were to terminate an account on the site for any reason, all user
content associated with such account would be removed. while smugmug will use
reasonable efforts to notify you of such removal, whether by notice in the
account or by email to the email you have specified in your account, it is
your responsibility to download any user content which you wish to save and
make backup copies of all user content to prevent the loss thereof.

    7. acceptable use; disclaimer

you are solely responsible for the user content that you post or transmit
using the services and you agree not to post, transmit or otherwise publish
through the services any of the following:

      * user content that is unlawful, defamatory, hateful, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable or harmful;

      * user content that is obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, sexually suggestive, including without limitation photos, videos or other user content containing nudity, unless you have restricted access to such user content with an appropriate content filter setting that will restrict viewing by minors;

      * user content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, endanger national security, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;

      * user content that may infringe or violate any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or other proprietary right of any party; user content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;

      * unsolicited messages containing promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;

      * private information of any third party, including, without limitation: addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security numbers and credit card numbers;

      * viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and

      * user content that is objectionable, harmful or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the services, or which may expose flickr or its users to any harm or liability of any nature, or which is legally required to be deleted or made private.

although we prohibit certain activities in these terms of use, smugmug does
not make any representation or warranty that the user content you may
encounter through your use of the services complies with these acceptable use
provisions or the terms of use. your use of the services is solely at your own
risk. these terms of use do not create any private right of action on the part
of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the services will not
contain any content that is prohibited by these acceptable use provisions.
smugmug reserves the right (but is not obligated) to (i) review or screen any
user content submitted to the site or otherwise submitted through the
services; (ii) edit any user content submitted through the services services
(but for photos and videos this will consist of mere editing to address the
technical characteristics of the service or of flickr vendors, not artistic
authorship); and/or (iii) remove or take down any user content from the
services for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole
discretion. smugmug will have no liability or responsibility to users of the
services or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of
such activities. smugmug’s enforcement of the acceptable use provisions set
forth in these terms of use with respect to user content in some instances
does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such provisions in other
instances involving similar user content.

    8. your account

certain activities on the services require you to register and create an
account. in order to create an account, you must be 16 years of age or older.
by registering for an account, you represent and warrant that you are at least
16 years of age and that all information you provide in the registration form
(“registration data”) is complete and accurate. smugmug reserves the right to
terminate your account and/or refuse access to the services to anyone at any
time, with or without cause at its sole discretion. if smugmug terminates your
account due to inactivity, smugmug will use reasonable efforts to notify you
of such termination in advance by emailing such notice to the email address
you have specified in your account. you agree to keep your registered email
addresses and other registration data current and complete, as smugmug may
send important notices about your account from time to time. by registering
for an account, you consent to receive communications from smugmug about the
services by email and/or system messages consistent with the terms of our
privacy policy.

    9. account security

you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the
passwords associated with your account and for restricting access to your
passwords and physical access to your computer while logged into the services.
you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your user
account.

user content that you post, upload or otherwise make available via the
services may be accessed, used and downloaded by other users of the services.
you understand and acknowledge that any user content contained in public areas
of the services, including any user galleries or other portions of the
services, is accessible to the public and could be accessed, downloaded,
indexed, archived, linked to and republished by others including, without
limitation, appearing on other websites and in search engine results. flickr
provides privacy options and settings for your content available in the
[privacy & permissions](/account/privacy) section of your applicable user
account (the “account settings”).

we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your user content
consistent with your account settings. we cannot, however, guarantee absolute
security of your account, your user content or the registration data we
collect, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third
party “hackers” or other unauthorized parties from illegally accessing the
services or their contents. flickr is not responsible or liable for any third
party access to or use of the user content you post or your registration data.
you are encouraged to read, understand and use the privacy settings and
mechanisms in your account settings to manage how your user content is
accessed and used by the public and other users of the services. you agree to
immediately notify flickr of any unauthorized use of your account or passwords
or any other breach of security, and you accept all risks of unauthorized
access to the registration data, user content and any other information you
provide to flickr.

    10. third party services

smugmug may make third party content and services available on or through the
services (“third party services”) solely as a convenience to its users, or
because a user posted it or made it accessible (for example, links to third
party websites, software and other services). when you leave the services, you
should be aware that these terms of use and all other smugmug policies no
longer govern your use of such websites and services or any content contained
thereon.

smugmug does not indicate affiliation, approval, or control of any third party
services by making such third party services available via the services.
smugmug makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no
responsibility for, the quality, accuracy, nature, ownership or reliability of
third party services. your use of any such third party services is solely at
your own risk and subject to the third party terms and conditions and third
party privacy policies applicable to such third party services.

    11. advertisements and promotions

the services may contain third party advertisements and promotions generated
or posted by other users of the services, flickr vendors or other third party
service providers.

your business dealings or interactions with any third parties, including other
users of the services or flickr vendors, and any terms, conditions, warranties
or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and
such third party. flickr does not endorse, approve, or control any such
products, services, advertising or promotions posted to the services by its
users or the flickr vendors or third party service providers. smugmug is not
responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the
result of your direct dealings with any of them or otherwise resulting from
the presence of advertisements for third party products and services included
on the services.

    12. disclaimer of warranties

the site, services, the flickr materials, and the products are provided on an
“as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, express or
implied. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, smugmug disclaims
all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and
noninfringement as to the site, the services, the flickr materials, and the
products.

smugmug does not represent or warrant that the flickr materials or the
services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free or that the
services, its servers or email sent from smugmug or the services are free of
viruses or other harmful components. smugmug is not responsible for
typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, text, photos or videos.
smugmug also makes no representation or warranty regarding the availability,
reliability or security of the services and will not be liable for any
unauthorized access to or any modification, suspension, unavailability, or
discontinuance of the services or the products provided thereon.

    13. limitation of liability

in no event will smugmug or its directors, members, employees or agents be
liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other
damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of use, loss of
profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort or otherwise,
arising out of or in any way connected with the use of or inability to use or
view the site, the services, the products, the user content or the flickr
materials contained in or accessed through the services, including any damages
caused by or resulting from your reliance on any information obtained from
smugmug, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of
files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission
or any termination, suspension or other failure of performance, whether or not
resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or
unauthorized access to smugmug’s records, programs or services.

in no event will the aggregate liability of smugmug, whether in contract,
warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed),
product liability, strict liability or other theory, arising out of or
relating to the use of or inability to use the site, the services, the
products, the user content or the flickr materials, exceed compensation you
pay, if any, to smugmug for access to or use of the site or the services or
for the purchase of products. certain state laws do not allow limitations on
implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these
laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or
limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.

    14. indemnity

you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless smugmug and its affiliates
and subsidiaries (collectively, the “indemnified parties”), and the
indemnified parties’ independent contractors, service providers and
consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and
against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to any user content you
post or otherwise transmit on or through the services, your use of or
inability to use the services, the user content, or the flickr materials or
the products, including any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made
against any of the indemnified parties and/or their independent contractors,
service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or
relating to your user content, your conduct, your violation of these terms of
use or your violation of the rights of any third party.

    15. dispute resolution

      * applicable law

your use of the services is subject to all applicable local, state, national
and international laws and regulations. these terms of use and your use of the
services will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
state of california applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed
within the state of california, without regard to its conflict of law
provisions.

      * agreement to arbitrate & waiver of representative actions

please read the following paragraph carefully because it requires you to
arbitrate disputes with smugmug and it limits the manner in which you can seek
relief. if you do not consent to the terms of this section 15, you are not
permitted to use the services.

you and smugmug agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these terms of use
or relating to the services, site or flickr materials. arbitration prevents
you from suing in court or from having a jury trial. you and smugmug agree:
(i) to notify each other of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it
arises; (ii) to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for
arbitration; (iii) that any arbitration will occur in santa clara county,
california; and (iv) that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a
single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the american arbitration
association (“aaa”), including the aaa’s supplementary procedures for
consumer-related disputes (as applicable). the aaa’s rules are available at
www.adr.org. other than class procedures and remedies described in these terms
of use, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would
otherwise be available in court. notwithstanding the foregoing, you and
smugmug are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks
equitable or other relief for (1) the alleged unlawful use of copyrights,
trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents or (2) allegedly
criminal conduct under laws of the united states or any state thereof
including, but not limited to, criminal laws addressing pornography,
exploitation, obscenity, or hate speech.

the arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving
different smugmug or flickr users but is bound by rulings in prior
arbitrations involving the same smugmug or flickr user to the extent required
by applicable law. the arbitrator’s award will be final and binding and
judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction thereof. you and smugmug agree that each of us may bring
claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as part of any
purported class or representative action or proceeding. unless both you and
smugmug agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than
one person’s or party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of
a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. also, the arbitrator may
award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in
favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary
to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s). any relief
awarded cannot affect other smugmug or flickr users.

unless you and smugmug agree otherwise, in the event that a court decides that
any part of this section 15 is invalid or unenforceable, you agree that any
claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and smugmug must be
resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in santa clara
county, california. the remainder of the terms of use will continue to apply.
you and smugmug agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts
located within santa clara county, california for the purpose of litigating
all such claims or disputes.

    16. feedback

we welcome feedback from our users regarding ideas and suggestions for
improvements to the site, services and products. smugmug will be entitled to
use any such feedback without restriction, even if you designate such feedback
as confidential. you hereby grant smugmug a royalty-free, sublicensable,
transferable, perpetual, irrevocable license in and to any feedback to use in
any matter related to the operation of our business.

assignment

these terms of use are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their permitted successors and assigns. notwithstanding the
foregoing, you may not assign your rights under these terms of use without
smugmug’s prior written consent. smugmug will be permitted to assign its
rights under these terms of use at its sole discretion.

international users

smugmug is located in the state of california in the united states of america.
if you access the services from a country other than the united states, you
agree that your transactions with smugmug occur in the united states. you are
responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
applicable to your use of the services.

severability

if any provision of these terms of use is held invalid or unenforceable by any
court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of these terms of use
will remain in full force and effect, and, if legally permitted, such
offending provision will be replaced with an enforceable provision that as
nearly as possible effects the parties’ intent.

survival

the terms and conditions of these terms of use which by their nature are
intended to survive termination or expiration of services (including, but not
limited to, indemnification, warranty disclaimer, dispute resolution and the
limitation of liability) will survive any expiration or termination of these
terms of use.

questions or comments

flickr is committed to keeping our users happy and satisfied with their use of
the services. if you have any questions, concerns, complaints or comments in
any way related to your use of the services, please contact us through
<https://help.flickr.com/contact>. if you have any questions, concerns,
complaints or comments in any way related to your use of the services or the
transfer of your flickr account to smugmug, please contact us through
<https://help.flickr.com/contact>.

  2. additional terms applicable to flickr pro services (“flickr pro services terms”)

you may use the flickr pro services only in accordance with these flickr pro
services terms (and the terms of use of which they are a part). in the event
of any conflict between these flickr pro services terms and the other
provisions of the terms of use, these flickr pro services terms will control.

    1. subscriptions

the flickr pro services are available to users (i) who register for a free
trial (when available) or for a subscription to the flickr pro services
(“subscription”) and (ii) who pay in full the subscription fees (“subscription
fees”) applicable to the level of subscription selected by such user (the
“subscription plan”). if you wish to purchase a subscription, we will ask you
to provide certain information in order to facilitate such purchase, including
your credit card number, billing address and any related payment information
as required by flickr (collectively, “payment information”). flickr may use a
third party payment processor (e.g., amazon payments or paypal) to facilitate
your payment of any subscription fees. any payment information that you
provide will be governed by the terms of our privacy policy. by submitting
payment information via the services, you warrant that you have the legal
right to use any such credit card or other payment mechanism that you provide
to facilitate the transaction.

    2. free trials

when you first register for the flickr pro services, flickr may offer you the
ability to use the flickr pro services without charge for a limited trial
period (a “free trial”). the duration of a free trial will be the number of
days specified by flickr at the time of your registration for such free trial.
you need to provide flickr (or our applicable third party payment processor)
with valid payment information and select a subscription plan in order to
register for a free trial. at the conclusion of your free trial, you will be
charged for the subscription fee applicable to your selected subscription plan
unless you elect to cancel your flickr pro services account prior to the
expiration of your free trial. flickr may offer you the ability to register
for a subscription directly without the need to participate in a free trial.

    3. subscription plans

flickr offers a variety of subscription plans designed to reflect the diverse
needs of our users, each with its own features, descriptions, functionality
and terms with respect to the use of the services. a description of each
subscription plan that is currently offered by flickr is available at
flickr.com/pro. by purchasing a subscription, (i) you agree to pay all
applicable subscription fees and other charges in accordance with your
selected subscription plan, pursuant to the renewal and termination provisions
described below (including any applicable taxes, such as sales tax), and (ii)
you agree that you are only entitled to the features and services applicable
to the subscription plan that you select at the time you purchase a
subscription.

the flickr pro services are intended to be used by flickr users for the
distribution and sharing of photos and/or videos, as permitted under the
user’s applicable subscription plan. flickr, at its sole discretion, reserves
the right to limit, suspend or terminate your use of the flickr pro services
if flickr determines that you have violated these flickr pro services terms or
the terms of use.

each subscription is personal to the individual flickr user. you may not
transfer or assign your subscription to another individual, entity or flickr
user unless such transfer or assignment is expressly permitted by the terms of
your subscription plan.

from time to time, flickr may provide certain users with complimentary
subscriptions. any user accessing the services by using a free subscription is
bound by the terms of use and any applicable terms and conditions of these
flickr pro services terms (including flickr’s right to terminate or cancel
such subscriptions).

    4. term and automatic renewal

your subscription is valid commencing on the date in which flickr provides you
with access to the services pursuant to its receipt of your valid payment
information (the “commencement date”) and will last for the duration of the
subscription term that you select at the time of your registration for the
flickr pro services (the “subscription term”).

your subscription will automatically renew at the end of each subscription
term for successive subscription terms of the same duration as the
subscription term originally selected unless the subscription is terminated
and/or canceled by you or flickr prior to the end of such subscription term.
such renewal will occur automatically on the applicable anniversary of the
commencement date. you may cancel your subscription at any time prior to the
end of the subscription term through your account settings in the subscription
section.

you agree that upon such renewal, the credit card or other designated payment
method in your account settings will be billed the applicable subscription fee
for your subscription plan then in effect at the time of renewal. if you
disagree with these automatic renewal provisions, your sole remedy is to
cancel or terminate your subscription.

you acknowledge that the amount of the recurring charge at the time of
subscription renewal may differ from the subscription fees you originally paid
for the flickr pro services if: (i) the subscription fee for your subscription
plan changes during your applicable subscription term, or (ii) if you change
your subscription plan or subscription term during the previous subscription
term. flickr will notify you of any changes to the subscription fee prior to
the date on which your subscription term will renew. you hereby agree to any
such revised subscription fees and your sole remedy if you disagree with such
changes is to terminate your account and stop using the flickr pro services.

    5. interruptions or discontinuation of flickr pro services; changes to flickr pro services and terms of use

flickr reserves the right at any time, at its sole discretion and without
notice, to suspend, modify, discontinue or permanently cancel the flickr pro
services or any portions thereof, including the subscription plans and any
policies, features and terms applicable thereto. if the flickr pro services,
or any part thereof, to which you subscribe are permanently discontinued or
canceled by flickr, your subscription will terminate, and we will have no
further liability to you. you acknowledge that the flickr pro services may be
interrupted from time to time, with or without notice, for maintenance,
upgrades, system updates or in the event of equipment failure or for any other
foreseeable or non-foreseeable cause.

smugmug will have no liability to you for any interruption, suspension,
discontinuance or unavailability of the flickr pro services for any reason, or
for any loss or inability to access any media or materials on the services.

    6. termination of services

you may request the termination of your subscription at any time by canceling
your account in the subscription section of your account settings, or by
sending a message through <https://help.flickr.com/contact> providing clear
written notice of such request. when flickr receives your termination request,
flickr will terminate your subscription and notify you of such termination via
email. flickr may request additional information from you prior to terminating
your subscription. your subscription is not terminated until you receive
confirmation of such termination from flickr. if you terminate your
subscription, such termination will be effective at the end of any previously
paid subscription term. by way of example and not in limitation of the
foregoing, if you request the termination of your subscription and you have
two months remaining in your subscription term, such termination is effective
at the end of the two months remaining in your subscription term and you will
have access to the flickr pro services for the remaining two months of such
subscription.

flickr may terminate a subscription, or any user’s access to and use of the
flickr pro services, at any time for any reason at its sole discretion, which
such termination will be effective immediately. if you violate the terms of
use, flickr at its sole discretion may (i) require you to remedy any violation
thereof and/or (ii) take any other actions that flickr deems appropriate to
enforce its rights and pursue available remedies.

all subscription fees are nonrefundable. upon termination, cancellation or
discontinuation of your subscription for any reason, you will not be entitled
to receive a refund for any subscription fees or other amounts previously
charged to you, or for any unused portion of any subscription fees if such
termination, cancellation or discontinuation occurs prior to the expiration of
the applicable subscription term.

you may change your email, credit card information or other payment
information for your account by using the account settings available in your
user profile. it is solely your responsibility to keep your account
information and payment information accurate and up-to-date. if the payment
information for your account is invalid and cannot be billed for the renewal
subscription fee at the time such subscription fee is payable and due, then
flickr may terminate your flickr pro services account for nonpayment. if
flickr does not have a current, working email address for your user account,
then you may not receive important notices from us regarding your account,
including notices regarding termination. flickr cannot guarantee that you will
receive notice of the termination of your account.

    7. backup policy

you are solely responsible for creating and maintaining backup copies of any
user content you upload, post or make available through the services during
any applicable subscription term at your sole cost and expense. you maintain
responsibility and liability for any losses or damages you incur for failure
to maintain backup copies of your user content. smugmug is not liable to you
for any damages or losses that result from the loss or breach of your user
content in connection with your use of the flickr services.

flickr uses third party vendors to host and store any media that you upload to
flickr through your use of the flickr pro services. we may require our vendors
to maintain certain standards with respect to your user content, but smugmug
does not guarantee that your user content will be secure and/or available at
all times during the subscription term. smugmug does not guarantee that your
user content will be available on the services after the termination of your
subscription, irrespective of the reason for such termination. it is your sole
responsibility to create and maintain backup copies of any such user content
on a regular basis. please note that when user content or other files are
deleted (or your account is cancelled), those files will be deleted as soon as
reasonable pursuant to flickr’s data destruction policies and cannot be
recovered by smugmug or any third party vendor following deletion.

    8. independent contractors

use of the flickr pro services does not create a partnership, agency, joint
venture or any employee-employer relationship between you and smugmug. at all
times the relationship between you and smugmug will be that of independent
contractors. you are responsible for all state, local, federal or other taxes
that you are obligated to pay in connection with your use of the flickr pro
services.

  3. additional terms applicable to sales of products (“terms of sale”)

these terms of sale form a part of the terms of use applicable to your
purchase of any photos, videos, or other products through the services. other
than as specifically provided in any separate written agreement between you
and smugmug, these terms of sale may not be altered, supplemented, or amended
by the use of any document, such as purchase orders, and all sales are
expressly conditioned upon your agreement to these terms of sale. in the event
of any conflict between these terms of sale and the other provisions of the
terms of use, these terms of sale will control.

flickr facilitates your purchase of photos, videos or products through the
services through its relationships with the flickr vendors. if you purchase
photos, videos or other products through the services, you acknowledge that
the printing of any photos or creation of other physical medium products is
performed by such flickr vendors and flickr’s role is to assist, facilitate
and support such order process pursuant to these terms of sale.

    1. pricing; payment terms

in order to purchase products through the services, you are required to
provide valid payment information as required by flickr. flickr may terminate
your order for products and take such other action as appropriate if we are
unable to process your payment information and you do not provide an
alternative form of payment upon flickr’s request. you agree to reimburse
flickr for any and all costs incurred in collecting amounts owed by you to
flickr or a flickr vendor, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and
costs of collection agencies.

you are responsible for any taxes that you are obligated to pay or that flickr
may collect from you in connection with your purchase of products. if you do
not pay the sales or other taxes or fees on a transaction, you will be
responsible for the taxes or fees in the event they are later determined to be
payable on the sale, and flickr reserves the right to collect the taxes or
other related fees from you at any time. in certain jurisdictions, flickr may
be required to collect and remit sales tax in connection with your purchase of
products. any such taxes will be added to the purchase price and reflected on
your invoice or receipt.

    2. product downloads; shipping terms and policies

if you purchase a video or photo download, such download will be made
available to you through the services upon flickr’s receipt of your valid
payment information.

if you purchase photo prints or other physical medium products (i.e., photo
books or other photo merchandise), flickr will use its commercially reasonable
efforts (and our flickr vendors will use commercially reasonable efforts) to
ship all orders for such products within the estimated delivery time
applicable to various methods of shipping available at the time you place your
order. flickr is not responsible for any delays in shipping. flickr or the
flickr vendors reserve the right to substitute another carrier of equal or
lesser cost to deliver your order at our discretion. all shipping charges are
your responsibility. please see our shipping charges for additional detail.
shipping charges will be included in your shopping cart and can be viewed on a
summary screen prior to finalizing your order. the shipping charge shown
during the product checkout process is subject to verification and to
correction or change without notice, provided that if the actual shipping
charge is more than the amount shown in your shopping cart, we will contact
you with the correct shipping costs before processing your order, and you will
have an opportunity to cancel your order. all orders are shipped fob shipping
point. title to the physical medium of the products passes from flickr to you
upon shipment. if an item in your order is temporarily out of stock, we may
hold your order until it is complete prior to shipment.

    3. return policy

flickr unconditionally guarantees your satisfaction with any products that you
purchase through the services. if you are unsatisfied with any photos, videos
or other products you have purchased from flickr, we or our flickr vendors
will gladly accept the return of any product you have ordered for any reason
within thirty (30) days of your receipt of the product. upon completion of the
return procedure and receipt of the returned product, we will resend you the
product or issue you a full refund of the purchase price paid for such
product, whichever you prefer. we do not provide refunds for your original
shipping cost unless your order is physically defective in some manner. if you
are unsatisfied with a product that is not in a physical medium form (i.e., a
photo download), then upon your request, we may issue you a full refund of the
purchase price paid for such product at our discretion depending on the
circumstances. to request a refund or replacement for any product, please
contact flickr through <https://help.flickr.com/contact>. please do not
contact your credit card company to dispute a charge before contacting flickr.

    4. product availability and pricing

flickr or the flickr vendors may revise or discontinue product options at any
time without prior notice, and products may become unavailable even after an
order is placed. all prices are subject to change without notice.

    5. product descriptions; pricing; errors

flickr strives to maintain accurate information in the services and to
eliminate any errors. however, we do not warrant that product descriptions,
photos, videos, pricing or other flickr materials are accurate, complete,
reliable, current, or error-free. in addition, all weights and size dimensions
are approximate. while we make reasonable efforts to accurately display all
details of our product offerings, including the applicable color, please note
that the actual color you will see for a photo depends on the settings of your
computer screen and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately
display all photo colors. flickr or a flickr vendor reserves the right to
format, manipulate or otherwise modify photos as may be required to satisfy a
particular order. if a product offered by flickr is not as described or
pictured, your sole remedy is to return the product in unused condition for a
refund within thirty (30) days of receipt. in the event of an error, whether
contained in the services, in an order confirmation, in processing an order or
otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the correct
price or cancel the order, and your sole remedy in the event of such error is
to cancel your order.

    6. disclaimer of warranties

the foregoing right to return any order within thirty (30) days is your sole
and exclusive remedy, and smugmug’s sole and exclusive liability, with respect
to the purchase of any products using the services, and smugmug expressly
disclaims and excludes all warranties, express or implied, regarding the
purchase of any products.

certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some
or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to
you, and you might have additional rights.

  4. copyright policy

in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”), the
text of which may be found on the u.s. copyright office website at
<http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/pl105-304.pdf>, and other applicable
laws, flickr has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances
and at flickr’s sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be
repeat infringers. flickr may also, at its sole discretion, limit access to
flickr’s website and services and/or terminate the accounts of any users who
infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is
any repeat infringement. flickr will respond to claims of copyright
infringement committed using flickr that are reported to flickr’s designated
copyright agent, identified in the sample notice below.

if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or
activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs
and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of
our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the
material or activity claimed to be infringing. if you are a copyright owner,
or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any
exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements
taking place on or through the services by completing the following dmca
notice of alleged infringement and delivering it to flickr’s designated
copyright agent. upon receipt of the notice as described below, flickr will
take whatever action, at its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including
removal of the challenged material from the services.

dmca notice of alleged infringement (“notice”):

    * identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this notice you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.

    * identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the url of the link shown on the services where such material may be found.

    * provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.

    * include both of the following statements in the body of the notice: (i) “i hereby state that i have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)"; and (ii) “i hereby state that the information in this notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that i am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”

    * provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature. deliver this notice, with all items completed, to flickr’s designated copyright agent:

address of designated agent

attn: copyright agent

flickr, inc.

suite 200

67 e evelyn avenue

mountain view, ca 94041, usa

email address of designated agent: [dmca@flickr.com](mailto:dmca@flickr.com)

phone number of designated agent: 833-522-8820

  * [about](/about)
  * [jobs](/jobs)
  * [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
  * [developers](/services/developer)
  * [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * [help](//help.flickr.com)
  * [report abuse](/abuse)
  * [help forum](/help/forum)
  * [english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)
  * [smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/). 

  *     * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
    * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
    * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * cookies

[smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/).  connecting people through
photography.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

  * [about](/about)
  * [jobs](/jobs)
  * [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
  * [developers](/services/developer)
  * [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
  * [report abuse](/abuse)
  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * [help forum](/help/forum)
  * [english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)

  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * cookies
  * [help](//help.flickr.com)

[smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/).  connecting people through
photography.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

