[ ](/en-gb/)

[ ](/en-gb/)

menu [english](/en-gb/terms) [français](/fr-fr/terms) [deutsch](/de-de/terms)
[português do brasil](/pt-br/terms)

# terms and conditions

version 0.5

date: october 14, 2020.

### 1\. introduction

these terms and conditions of use, together with our [privacy policy](/en-
gb/terms/privacy), [rules of conduct](/en-gb/terms/rules-of-runescape), [end-
user licence agreements for authorised software](/en-gb/legal/eula-runescape-
oldschool) ("eula") and all supplemental terms (as amended from time to time),
other documents and policies that are expressly referenced in these terms and
conditions (the "terms"), govern your use of any jagex products (as defined
below) made available by jagex to you ("you"/"yours").

the jagex product (as defined) is made available to you in accordance with
these terms by jagex limited ("jagex", “we”, “our”, “us”), a company
registered in england and wales (registered number 3982706), and whose
registered office is at 220 science park, cambridge, cb4 0wa, united kingdom.
our vat number is 791 951 784.

please read these terms carefully. these terms form a legally binding contract
between you and us. by downloading, browsing, installing, accessing or using a
jagex product in any way, you agree to be bound by these terms. if you do not
agree to be bound by these terms you should not create an account (“account”)
in relation to the jagex product or download, install, browse, use or access
the jagex product. if you have created an account or used or downloaded a
jagex product, but do not agree to these terms, you should immediately
discontinue your use of the jagex product, cancel your account and uninstall
it from your device.

to use the jagex product you may be required to comply with third-party
platform operator terms (e.g. apple's app store or google's play store terms).
if you are accessing any jagex product via any third-party platform then these
terms shall apply in respect of your use of the jagex product, in addition to
any terms and conditions imposed by such third party platform.

please keep a copy of these terms for future reference. you should check these
terms every time you use a jagex product as we may change these terms at any
time in accordance with the process set out at section 3 below. current
versions of these terms are found [here](/en-gb/terms)

### 2\. definitions

**" jagex product(s)"** means the applicable mobile and online pc platform
versions of the games 'runescape' (also known as 'runescape 3' or 'rs3') and
'old school runescape' (also known as 'osrs') and such other games and
platform versions as jagex may make available to you from time to time
(whether existing now or in the future) pursuant to these terms and which
shall include any authorised software needed to operate these games and access
the platforms, all updates, additional content and localised versions thereof
and any other related products, websites, applications or services made
available by jagex). the ongoing supply of any particular jagex product is not
guaranteed. some jagex products have age restrictions.

references to **" stopping"** or to **" stop"** an account includes
temporarily or permanently disabling, suspending, banning or muting an
account. if your account is muted, you can continue to play but will not be
able to use free text chat. if your account is disabled or banned, you will
not be able to access your account and any licenses previously granted to you
to use the jagex products will be either temporarily or permanently revoked.
this means you will lose your account, characters and any in-game items or
currency. subscription credit continues to expire if accounts are stopped.
more information about when jagex may stop your account can be found in
section 11 of these terms.

**" subscriber"** is used to describe a user of a jagex product who pays a fee
to obtain enhanced features of that jagex product. more information about
subscriptions can be found in section 12 of these terms.

**" user content"** means all information of any kind (including remarks,
suggestions, ideas, graphics, text, images, video, information and messages)
communicated, posted, uploaded, or sent by users (whether subscribers or free
players) on or in connection with jagex products (including any user content
created in game such as the particular appearance of a character). jagex
products may include social elements which permit players to come into contact
with and chat to other players. messages exchanged between players, whether in
private in-game messaging or public forums, are included within this
definition of user content.

**" virtual currencies"** is used to describe the in-game currencies that can
be purchased in certain jagex products. more information can be found in
section 13 of these terms.

other terms are defined in context below.

### 3\. changes to these terms

we may change these terms to reflect: (a) changes in applicable laws; (b)
regulatory or security requirements; (c) relevant guidance or codes of
practice; (d) technical alterations to jagex products; (e) to improve clarity
and consistency; or (f) for any other reason within the sole discretion of
jagex.

please check the terms whenever you use a jagex product. we will treat your
continued use of a jagex product as acceptance of any changes made to the
terms from the previous version. if you do not agree with the changes you
should cancel your account and if applicable subscription before the renewal
date.

### 4\. preteens and users under 18

jagex products have age restrictions which prevent users who are under 13
years of age from creating an account. you may not create an account or use
the jagex product if you are under the age of 13 and it is a violation of our
terms to register an account on behalf of someone under this age. where an
applicable age rating body (e.g pegi, esrb, usk) or platform (e.g apple,
google play) classifies a particular jagex product as suitable to be played
only by users of a specified age above 13 years old, then in such
circumstances, users (even if account holders) below this classified age shall
not be entitled to play, use or access the particular jagex product until they
have reached the specified age classification. in all other circumstances, for
users between 13 and 18 years of age, subject to the exceptions set out above
and the laws of your country of residence (including the applicable age rating
classification allocated to the jagex product by the relevant age rating
authority and/or platform) and you obtaining your parents’/guardians’ prior
consent, you will be entitled to use the jagex products. we do not knowingly
collect or store any personally identifiable information from children under
13. if we find out that any personally identifiable information we have
collected is from someone under 13, we will stop the account.

if you are under 18, by using the jagex product you are representing (i.e.
making a promise) that you have consent from your parents/guardian to use
jagex products in accordance with our terms. we may stop any account if we are
not satisfied that such consent has been given. you and your parent(s) or
guardian(s) must review these terms together. parents and guardians are
responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using the
jagex products. we recommend that parents and guardians familiarize themselves
with parental controls on devices they provide their child.

if we are told by a parent/guardian that their child has misrepresented their
age when registering for jagex products, we will stop the account provided we
have information which satisfies us that the reporting person is indeed the
parent or guardian of that child.

parents can find more information about jagex products and how to contact us
in the [parents' guide](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-
gb/articles/206747519-parent-s-guide)

### 5\. safety and abuse

before using any jagex product you should read the [safety
information](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/sections/202402189).
parents of those users under the age of 18 should also review this
information.

you should be aware of the potential risks of using a service which includes
extensive user content. user content may be inaccurate, out of date or
otherwise inappropriate. we cannot guarantee that users will comply with our
terms, rules or otherwise behave appropriately. you should not assume that a
person is who he or she claims to be. in your own interests, you should not
attempt to contact any user outside a jagex product.

if you are the victim of offensive or inappropriate behaviour or receive any
other unwanted communications, you should report such inappropriate behaviour
to us via the in game "report abuse" button as well as seeking appropriate
external help, for example from parents or law enforcement authorities. if you
continue to suffer problems, or are not satisfied, then you must stop using
the relevant jagex products. alternatively, please contact our [customer
support team](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-
gb/sections/360000236977-contact-us-)

we are under no obligation to actively monitor and/or moderate user content.
we do however undertake very limited monitoring detailed below.

anti-cheat technologies

we may use anti-cheat technologies in relation to the jagex products. when you
connect online to a game server, these technologies may activate and monitor
your game play, the files on your computer associated with the jagex product
or that otherwise access our servers, and your computer's memory, purely for
the purposes of detecting and preventing cheating.

if any of these anti-cheat technologies detect cheating, we may collect
relevant information necessary for our investigation and enforcement purposes,
including your account name, details about the unauthorized third party
program and the jagex product files modification detected, and the time and
date it was detected. we also may terminate these terms, your access to the
jagex products, and your jagex account if we determine you have been cheating.

chat monitors

we do not actively monitor chat between users. we have systems that monitor
chat for certain keywords and provide us with a selection of high-risk user
content to review.

further we review any chat that contains phrases supplied to us by the
internet watch foundation and relate to child protection issues or where a
user indicates in chat that they are under 13 years old.

we also review chat logs if we have a reasonable suspicion that a user may be
contemplating suicide or harming other users or third parties. we may supply
chat logs to relevant civil and criminal authorities in line with our privacy
policy.

### 6\. your account and license

to use many features of jagex products, we require you to create an account
and, in relation to some platform versions of jagex products, download and/or,
install certain authorised software on your device. you may be required to
create an account before downloading and installing any software. we grant
valid account holders a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable,
personal, limited license, which can be revoked at any time, to access and use
the jagex products and (as applicable) to download and use our software and
install the jagex products on a device and to connect to our servers solely to
use jagex products for personal and non-commercial purposes and subject at all
times to your strict compliance with these terms. to be clear, we consider the
creation of an account in order to access any authorised software in order to
understand, decompile, reverse engineer, copy, reproduce, or transmit such
authorised software as being outside the scope of “personal and non-commercial
use”. we reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in
the jagex products and associated intellectual property rights. you may not
otherwise use, decompile, reverse engineer, copy, reproduce, transmit,
publicly perform, distribute, commercially exploit, adapt, translate, modify,
bundle, merge, share or make available to any person, or create derivative
works of the jagex product. further you may not use any automation tools,
macros, bots, auto-typers and tools to circumvent any technical mechanisms or
protections in place, share, sell or buy any other accounts, or participate in
any way whatsoever in any real-world trading, use multiple accounts to break
any of these terms, exploit any known faults or bugs in the jagex products or
authorised software, impersonate any employee, officer or agent of jagex,
persuade or attempt to persuade (including procuring others to persuade) other
users to share any account information, run or attempt to run any types of
games of chance whether in the jagex product or in the real world using any
part of the jagex product (including any virtual currencies); encourage others
whether directly or indirectly to break any of these terms; use inappropriate
language or behaviour including any action that may be considered offensive,
racist, obscene, discriminatory; nor ask for any personal details of other
users; advertise other websites in the jagex product or any jagex authorised
forums or social media platforms.

except as provided in these terms, use of the jagex product does not grant you
any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property you
may access through the jagex products. except as provided in these terms, any
use or reproduction of the jagex products or intellectual property therein is
strictly prohibited.

the jagex products and any associated software are licensed to you, not sold.
your license confers no title or ownership to the jagex products or software.

when setting up an account for a jagex product, you may be asked to choose a
username that will be used to identify you to other users. for example, a
jagex product character name. you must not choose a username that infringes
the rights of any third party, impersonates jagex staff or other users, which
is deliberately confusing, offensive, racist, obscene, hurtful, unlawful or
otherwise inappropriate or which breaches the username requirements specified
in the applicable rules relating to the jagex product. we reserve the right
(at our sole and absolute discretion), to change any username for any reason
or take such other action as we believe appropriate. you agree to keep your
password safe at all times and not to disclose it to any other person. you are
fully responsible for all activities on your account (including the activities
of all persons who use your password to gain access to your account or who use
the device on which the jagex product or related software is installed and/or
downloaded) and for complying with any licences granted in these terms and for
any software. you are expressly prohibited from allowing anyone else to use
your account or to play or access the jagex product on your behalf. we reserve
the right to stop immediately your account if someone else uses it. to help
ensure the safety of your password, you must keep your computer and/or device
(as applicable) free of viruses and other malicious code including trojans,
worms, time bombs, malware and spyware. you must use your password in
accordance with the password requirements specified in the rules of the jagex
product. real jagex staff will never ask you for your password.

we do not guarantee jagex products will be secure or free from bugs or
viruses.

you must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the jagex product, the
server on which the jagex product is stored, or any server, computer or
database connected to the jagex product. you must not attack the jagex
products via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service
attack. by breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under
the computer misuse act (1990). we will report any such breach to the relevant
law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with those authorities by
disclosing your identity to them in accordance with our privacy policy. in the
event of such a breach, your right to use and licenses granted in these terms
to the jagex product will cease immediately without notice from us.

if you believe that someone has stolen your password or you believe you have
lost or had stolen the device upon which the jagex product or related software
is installed or accessible or you believe that someone other than you has
gained access to your account, you should immediately submit an account
recovery request via the jagex product’s main menu. you will remain
responsible for your account until you have notified us.

### 7\. intellectual property rights, ownership and restrictions

jagex ®, runescape ®, and old school runescape ® are registered and/or
unregistered trademarks of jagex limited in the united kingdom, the united
states and other countries. all third-party trademarks are the property of
their respective owners.

you must not create or provide any other means by which any jagex product may
be played by others (including, without limitation, replacement or modified
client/server software or server emulators). please note that any such
activity may constitute civil wrongs and/or criminal offences, and we reserve
the right to take such action as appropriate in the circumstances should we
become aware that such offences are being committed.

materials (including without limit all information, software, data, text,
photographs, graphics, sound and video) placed on any jagex product by us, or
on our behalf, are protected by our (or our business
partners/suppliers/advertisers or licensors) copyright and other intellectual
property rights. you may not use these materials or any jagex product except
in accordance with these terms and for personal and non-commercial use only.

you acknowledge that all intellectual property and other rights in any jagex
product, including without limitation any game character, account, content,
virtual currency and virtual items in the jagex products are and will remain
the property of jagex and/or its licensors. as part of the license granted
under these terms, you are only granted limited non transferrable, non-sub-
licensable permission (which can be revoked at any time) to use such content
or jagex product, subject to and in accordance with these terms and solely for
your personal and non-commercial use.

notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree
that you shall have no ownership, title or other proprietary interest in any
jagex product or account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all
rights in and to an account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the
benefit of jagex. jagex does not permit any: (a) transfers of virtual items or
virtual currency which take place outside the rules of a jagex product; or (b)
transfers of accounts; or (c) sale, gift or trade in the real world of
anything that appears or originates in a jagex product.

jagex reserves the right to stop offering a jagex product or a particular part
of a jagex product at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which
point any license granted to you to use the jagex product or a part thereof
will be automatically terminated or suspended and your account stopped. in
such event, jagex shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other
compensation to users in connection with such discontinued elements of the
jagex product unless required by law.

### 8\. game rules

you must comply with the current version of any rules, guidelines, codes of
conduct or instructions specified in any jagex product including our game
rules, the current version of which for each jagex product are linked below
(“game rules”). the game rules are expressly incorporated into these terms.
any use of a jagex product not in accordance with the game rules exceeds the
scope of the license granted by these terms and is prohibited.

runescape rules are [here](/en-gb/terms/rules-of-runescape)

old school runescape rules are [here](/en-gb/terms/rules-of-old-school-
runescape)

### 9\. user content

you acknowledge that you will be responsible for whatever user content you
submit and you, not jagex, will have full responsibility for the user content,
including its legality, reliability, appropriateness and originality and
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. you will comply with and
be bound by the terms relating to user content, as set out in section 10
below.

we reserve the right without notice or refund, to monitor, record, suspend,
remove or delete user content and/or suspend or permanently disable your
account and/or to disclose to the relevant authorities any user content if:
(a) it is the subject of a complaint; (b) if we consider or suspect that that
it breaches or may breach our terms (including our content standards policy)
or the rules of a jagex product (including the game rules); (c) if we consider
that such steps are necessary to protect us or others; (d) a criminal act or
civil wrong has been committed; or (e) we are required to do so by law or an
appropriate authority.

if you wish to notify jagex of a complaint in relation to user content
(including an allegedly defamatory statement), whether contained, as
applicable, on our website, or in relation to a jagex product in any format
and you believe such user content, breaches the terms set out in section 10,
please email our [customer support team](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-
gb/sections/360000236977-contact-us-) and you will need to provide the
following information:

  1. your contact details, including your full name, player name (if applicable), your postal address, telephone number and email address.

  2. the full details of the material complained about and the reasons for the complaint.

  3. the exact and full url where you found the material and a screenshot of the in-game material;

  4. if the request relates to copyright or other intellectual property, provide proof that you are the rights holder and a statement that, under penalty of perjury, you are the rights holder or an authorised representative of the rights holder.

you have the ability to remove user content which you have posted on a jagex
product forum. this can be done through the editing features within the jagex
product. if you would like assistance with this, please contact jagex via the
customer support section of the relevant jagex product website, application or
device as applicable. you should be aware that removing user content from
public display may not ensure the complete or comprehensive deletion of the
posted user content.

### 10\. content standards policy

you shall ensure that all user content created or posted by you satisfies the
requirements set out in this section 10. these requirements apply in addition
to our web page specific user content policies, such as any policies on jagex
forum posts, in-game chat and private messaging or other policies published on
our websites from time to time.

in addition to agreeing to comply with the letter of these provisions, you
also undertake to comply with the spirit behind it. you must not encourage or
assist any other user to breach these provisions. you are solely responsible
for your user content including any user content you place on any wiki or
forum or other third-party content sharing or social site.

user content:

  * **must:**

    * be accurate, complete, uploaded or sent in good faith and compliant with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct; and
    * only be uploaded or sent if you own the rights in such content, have appropriate permission from the rights owner, or are otherwise authorized by law.
  * **must not:**

    * be obscene, hateful, inflammatory, threatening, intentionally misleading, harassing, sexually explicit or deceptive or fraudulent in anyway;

    * promote violence or discrimination, promote or endorse any illegal activity or otherwise be objectionable;

    * be defamatory or an invasion of an individual's right to privacy;

    * infringe the intellectual property or other rights of any third party, including copyrights, trademarks, database rights, any rights of confidentiality or any similar rights;

    * attempt to or purport to spread information that is false or inaccurate or misleading;

    * attempt to or purport to impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity, affiliation or connection to any other person;

    * include hyperlinks or connections to third party websites;

    * contain viruses, trojans, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to affect the operation of any computer software, hardware or network;

    * reveal details that enable you or anyone else to be identified or contacted outside of the game (e.g. last name, postal/email address or telephone number);

    * have any commercial purpose; 

    * involve junk mail, spam, pyramid selling or similar schemes; or

    * consist of any other content that, in our opinion breaches or may breach the spirit of or intention behind any of the above “must nots”. 

you agree that by submitting any material of any kind to us (including but not
limited to posting chat) for any purpose connected with any jagex product (for
examples, suggestions and ideas for any game or contributions to any gallery
page), you are giving us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable,
transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify,
copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in
whole or in part) publish and distribute such user content for any purpose
including the making available of such user content to third parties, provided
that jagex may not use user content in violation of the privacy policy. you
agree to waive any moral rights to the extent permitted by law and that you
will not withdraw the submission or attempt to make a charge for its use.
furthermore, you warrant and represent that you are the exclusive copyright
and intellectual property rights holder in relation to the submission and that
the submission in no way breaches the rights of any other person or entity.

any user content you upload to a jagex product will be considered non-
confidential and non-proprietary. you warrant and represent that any user
content you upload is your original content, does not contain any third-party
personal data, and that you have all necessary rights and consents to provide
us with such user content.

you undertake and acknowledge that you shall have no ownership or other
proprietary interest in the jagex product or user content that you create,
except as expressly stated within these terms. you undertake, acknowledge and
agree that any interest in any elements of the user content that represent,
comprise, derive or are based upon any intellectual property rights which
exist within the jagex product (including but not limited to any computer
code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogues, catch
phrases, locations, concepts, artwork images, animation, sounds, musical
compositions, audio-visual effects or text), including without limitation
copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual properties therein and/or
related thereto, whether or not registered or registerable, are owned by, or
for the benefit of jagex and its licensors.

### 11\. jagex stopping your account

if, acting reasonably, we consider that:

  1. our terms or any jagex product rules (including the game rules) - have or may have been breached or will be breached; and/or

  2. there has been fraudulent, unlawful or abusive activity; and/or

  3. it is necessary in order to prevent or stop any harm or damage to us, to any jagex product, to other players, the general public or to you (if for example we feel you are spending an excessive amount of money on virtual items and content relating to any jagex product) then:

in our sole discretion, we may at any time: (i) stop (as defined above) any or
all of your accounts for jagex products; (ii) restrict access to any content-
uploading or other feature of the jagex product or related services; and/or
(iii) restrict access to or delete virtual currency or anything acquired by
means of virtual currency. these actions may result in loss of real money paid
in prohibited transactions, such as account trading. if we take any of the
above action, you may have a right of appeal. details can be found
[here](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/articles/360000867958-appeal-a-
ban)

we do not guarantee the ongoing supply of any jagex product or that the jagex
product and any related services and content will be available at all times,
in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer such
jagex products, related services and content for a particular length of time.
upon reasonable notice to you (and without reason), jagex may stop any account
and you acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to any refund for any
amounts paid in connection with the account.

### 12\. subscription and cancellations

you need a subscription to use certain features of jagex products. if you
apply for a subscription, you must ensure all the information that you submit
is true and accurate (including, without limitation, where requested, your
credit/debit card number and expiration date, and other payment details) and
that you have appropriate parental or guardian consent if you are under 18
years of age. you agree to pay all subscription fees specified when you apply
including all applicable taxes. unless otherwise stated, all prices shown for
eu countries include vat.

by submitting your order you are making an offer to subscribe to the relevant
part of the jagex products. your offer is accepted and a binding contract
occurs when: (i) we send a message to your account mail inbox confirming that
your payment has been received, or (ii) you log into a subscribers-only part
of a jagex product (whichever comes first).

all subscription payments will continue to be taken in advance at the relevant
intervals (e.g. monthly in the case of monthly subscriptions or monthly
following an initial free trial period where indicated and agreed) until you
cancel your subscription (see our credit card agreement by clicking on the
link below and read more about cancelling your subscription below).

payments by credit/debit cards are also subject to our [credit/debit card
terms](/en-gb/terms/paybycreditcard), which form part of these overall terms.

we reserve the right to alter the amount or terms of our subscription fees at
any time. this will only apply to subscribers, who, following the change, take
out new subscriptions or re-subscribe (their previous subscriptions having
expired) and specifically agree to the new fees/terms in accordance with these
terms. for existing subscribers who subscribed prior to the change in the
subscription fee amounts and/or terms being implemented, then provided the
existing subscriber’s subscription has not expired or terminated or the nature
and type of their subscription has not altered, such subscribers will not be
bound by such subsequent changes.

we reserve the right to charge you for any unauthorized use of your
subscription by third parties.

cancelling your subscription

you may cancel your subscription at any time by clicking the link
[here](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/articles/206853909-cancel-
subscription) or visiting the account management section on the menu screen of
the jagex product.

upon cancellation you will not be charged any further subscription fees. no
payments already made in respect of subscriptions (including advance
subscription payments made with periods remaining unused) or virtual
currencies or items will be refunded (wholly or partly) but you can of course
use up any unused subscription credit in the account.

### 13\. virtual currencies, micro-game credits and virtual items

in certain jagex products, you may be given the opportunity to purchase a
license (or in our sole discretion, acquire a license as a free promotion) of:
(i) virtual currencies, and/or (ii) credits that can be redeemed to play
micro-games ( **" micro-game credits"**). virtual currencies and micro-game
credits can be redeemed (i.e. used) to acquire certain digital goods/services
in the jagex product, which we describe below as **" items"**. if you obtain a
license to use such virtual currency or micro-game credits from jagex, you
must check that they have been correctly credited to your account and tell us
immediately if not. if you confirm you wish to purchase or acquire a license
to such virtual currencies and micro-game credits (as applicable), we will
only be legally bound to provide you with such a license of the virtual
currencies and micro-game credits (as applicable) if we (or our third party
operators) subsequently notify you of our acceptance in response to your
confirmation and only once the virtual currencies and micro-game credits are
made available as part of the jagex product.

you agree that when you obtain your virtual currencies and/or micro-game
credits from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited,
non-transferable, non-sub-licensable, non-exclusive, revocable license to
access and select the rights and entitlements that jagex expressly makes
available to you associated with such virtual currencies and/or micros-game
credits and only in respect of the applicable jagex product. the virtual
currencies and/or micro-game credits are licensed to you and not sold. any
license granted is subject to your strict compliance with these terms.

please take note that virtual currencies and micro-game credits are subject to
the following very important restrictions:

virtual currency and micro-game credits may expire if they have not been
redeemed within a certain period after acquisition, so you should redeem these
as soon as possible. the expiry period is whatever we specify when you acquire
the virtual currency or micro-game credits or, if we haven't specified a time
limit, twelve months from acquisition.

virtual currency and micro-game credits can only be redeemed within the world
of the relevant jagex product where you acquired them. each jagex product may
contain one or more virtual currencies or micro-game credits and unless
otherwise stated, each virtual currency or micro-game credit is independent
and is not exchangeable for any other virtual currency or micro-game credit in
the same jagex product. we may at any time in our sole discretion change or
remove any item which can be acquired using virtual currency or micro-game
credits, as well as change the amount of virtual currency or micro-game
credits needed to acquire a particular item. you may only redeem virtual
currency or micro-game credits for items on offer at the time of redemption.

virtual currency and micro-game credits do not have any inherent monetary
value and are not your own private property. when you purchase or acquire the
license to use virtual currency or micro-game credits, you do not own the
virtual currency or micro-game credits. instead they constitute an element of
your license in the relevant jagex product. similarly, any virtual currency or
micro-game credits balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-
world balance or reflect any stored monetary value in any real-world currency.

we do not provide any cash or refunds for virtual currency, micro-game credits
or items (except as required by law) and virtual currency, micro-game credits
and items do not have any real-world monetary value. virtual currency or
micro-game credits are for your personal use only and as part of your account
with the relevant jagex product. you must not sell or transfer, trade, or
exchange them (whether by itself or by transferring your account) or make them
available to anyone else or attempt to do so, or encourage anyone else to do
any of these things. virtual currency, micro-game credits and items can never
be redeemed for real world money, goods or any other item of monetary value,
and cannot be inherited. we may impose additional restrictions concerning the
acquisition or redemption of virtual currency, micro-game credits and items.
for example, we may cap the amount of virtual currency or micro-game credits
which can be acquired, held or redeemed in any particular period or we may
impose restrictions based on your country of residence. certain items may also
only be available to subscribers.

for the avoidance of doubt, virtual currency and micro-game credits have no
cash value, do not accrue interest and, unless otherwise required by law, are
not redeemable or refundable for any sum of money or monetary value from jagex
at any time.

jagex reserves the right to restrict access to, delete, reduce or liquidate
virtual currency or micro-game credits: (1) if you have misused the virtual
currency or micro-game credits; (2) if you have breached or may breach any of
these terms; (3) if the virtual currency or micro-game credits were awarded in
error; (4) if a payment for virtual currency or micro-game credits is charged
back or otherwise cancelled or reversed; or (5) if you have used virtual
currency or micro-game credits to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity.

jagex reserves the right to restrict access to or delete items: (1) if you
have misused the items; (2) if you have breached or may breach any of these
terms; (3) if the items were purchased using virtual currency or micro-game
credits awarded in error; or (4) if a payment for virtual currency or micro-
game credits used to purchase the items is charged back or otherwise cancelled
or reversed. in addition, items that have been acquired by the redemption of
virtual currency or micro-game credits may expire after a period of time,
which by default shall be twelve months from acquisition. in addition, items
may have particular restrictions, or be consumed or extinguished in the course
of your use of a jagex product.

we may at any time decide to end in part or its entirety the virtual currency
or micro-game credits program for all or any of our jagex products. before we
delete the unused virtual currency or micro-game credits, we will endeavour to
contact you to give a reasonable time period in which to redeem them.

jagex product bonds

where applicable, within certain jagex products, users may be entitled to
purchase from us, a bond (“ **jagex product bonds** ”). these jagex product
bonds can be used to redeem or trade against certain other virtual currencies,
micro-game credits, subscriptions items, any promotion items run by jagex, and
any other particular virtual product or service in the relevant jagex product
(these collectively as " **redemption items** "). all jagex product bonds are
redeemable or tradeable in the relevant jagex product and cannot be redeemed
or traded across different jagex products. for example, in relation to the
jagex product old school runescape, users can purchase an old school jagex
product bond from jagex. old school jagex product bonds are tradeable only
within old school runescape and runescape jagex product bonds are tradeable
only within runescape. old school jagex product bonds cannot be transferred to
runescape to use for runecoins or keys, nor can runescape jagex product bonds
be transferred to old school runescape. more information can be found at the
links below:

osrs click [here](https://oldschool.runescape.com/oldschool/bonds)

rs click [here](https://www.runescape.com/bonds)

if you obtain a jagex product bond from jagex, you must check that it has been
correctly credited to your account and tell us immediately if not.

please take note that jagex product bonds are subject to the following very
important restrictions:

jagex product bonds can only be traded and redeemed within the jagex product
to which they relate.

we may at any time change or remove any redemption items which can be
purchased using a jagex product bond, as well as change the amount of the
jagex product bond needed to acquire a particular redemption item. you may
only redeem the jagex product bond for redemption items on offer at the time
of redemption.

jagex product bonds: (i) do not have any real-world monetary value; (ii)
cannot be redeemed for real world money and cannot be inherited; and (iii) are
not your own private property. a jagex product bond constitutes an element of
your license in a jagex product.

we do not provide any cash or refunds for jagex product bonds (except as
required by law). we may impose additional restrictions at our sole discretion
concerning the acquisition or redemption of jagex product bonds. for example,
we may cap the amount of jagex product bonds which can be acquired, held or
redeemed in any particular period or we may impose restrictions based on your
country of residence or we may impose restrictions for other reasons we deem
necessary.

jagex reserves the right to restrict access to, delete, reduce or liquidate
jagex product bonds: (1) if you have misused the jagex product bond; (2) if
you have breached or may breach any of these terms; (3) if the jagex product
bond was awarded in error; (4) if a payment for a jagex product bond is
charged back or otherwise cancelled or reversed; or (5) if you have used jagex
product bonds to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity.

jagex reserves the right to restrict access to or delete redemption items: (1)
if you have misused the redemption items; (2) if you have breached or may
breach any of these terms; (3) if the redemption items were purchased using
jagex product bonds awarded in error; or (4) if a payment for jagex product
bonds used to purchase redemption items is charged back or otherwise cancelled
or reversed. in addition, redemption items that have been acquired by the
redemption of jagex product bonds may expire after a period of time, which by
default shall be twelve months from acquisition.

redemption items may have particular restrictions, or be consumed or
extinguished in the course of your use of the relevant jagex product.

we may at any time decide to end part of or the entirety of the jagex product
bond program. before we delete any unused jagex product bond, we will
endeavour to contact you to give you a reasonable time period in which to
redeem it.

if your account for a jagex product remains dormant (i.e. is not used) for
more than 12 months, and there is unredeemed virtual currency, micro-game
credits or jagex product bonds associated with your account, we may choose to
credit your account with items of equivalent value for this expired virtual
currency, micro-game credits or jagex product bonds. we will endeavour to
contact you by email prior to such action being taken.

you agree that virtual currency, micro-game credits and jagex product bonds
cannot be sold or transferred (including selling or transferring the relevant
account) and cannot be exchanged for cash or any other goods and services,
except for virtual items provided for within the appropriate jagex product.

you agree that we are not responsible for and provide no guarantee relating to
the necessary use or registration of any lost virtual currency, micro-game
credits or jagex product bonds, whether they are deleted by you, or lost
through any virus, bug, glitch, or similar error.

### 14\. refund policy

we are happy to review requests for refunds on a case by case basis.

unless required by law, we will not refund any amounts paid in relation to
subscriptions, micro-game credits, jagex product bonds or virtual currency
when:

  * you have been the victim of in-game scamming, as there are warnings about avoiding this on the jagex products (however, we will try to assist you to recover your account).
  * you have been stopped from a jagex product for violating these terms including any rules of a jagex product (including the game rules) or the user content policy.
  * you have been using unauthorised software to access the jagex product.
  * jagex stops offering the jagex product.
  * you decide to cancel your subscription or account.

if, after reading the above, you wish to request that we consider a refund,
then please visit the support section of the applicable jagex product website
for assistance, providing as much information as possible. payment support can
be accessed [here](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb). please note,
refunds are given at the sole discretion of jagex (however your statutory
rights are unaffected).

please also review our [cancellation
policy](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/articles/206853909-cancel-
subscription), which is incorporated by reference into these terms.

### 15\. functioning of jagex products

we will use reasonable endeavours to maintain the operation of the jagex
products and rectify faults as quickly as possible. jagex reserves the right
to modify, including by way of regular updates, the jagex products and we may
have to suspend operation of a jagex product without notice for repair,
maintenance, improvement, security or any other reason. if so, we will do our
best to ensure that the suspension is as short as possible. we cannot accept
responsibility for such suspensions, interruptions or errors caused by
circumstances outside our reasonable control (see section 21 below).

third party software

some jagex products require additional software, known as “client software” in
order to operate on certain devices. jagex provides this client software for
free on the relevant jagex product websites. jagex recognises that for some
jagex products, alternative software may exist (“third-party software"). jagex
does not recommend, endorse or authorise the use of such third party software
with the relevant jagex product. third-party software will never be available
for download on any jagex approved websites.

jagex does however, currently tolerate such third- party software to be used
by users to access the relevant jagex product provided such third-party
software complies with any rules or guidance issued by jagex (including the
game rules), and such guidance shall be wholly within the sole discretion of
jagex. jagex gives no warranties or representations in relation to any third-
party software and does not grant a license; any license to the user for such
third-party software is granted by the relevant third party who has provided
the third-party software.

further, users who use such third-party software do so at their own risk and
accept that any warranties and representations whether contained in these
terms or implied by statute shall to the maximum extent applicable by law, not
apply in respect of the jagex product when used in any way with such third-
party software.

jagex expressly reserves the right, at any time, to restrict user access to
the jagex product, if third-party software is used by the user in relation to
the jagex product and to require all users to use only jagex authorised client
software thereafter. in such circumstance, jagex shall use its reasonable
endeavour to ensure all users are notified in advance and given a reasonable
opportunity to download and install jagex authorised client software.

we cannot guarantee that any jagex product will work on or be compatible with
or capable of being accessed on any particular devices, platforms, operating
systems or equipment, or in conjunction with any particular non-jagex approved
software or connectivity services. we do not accept responsibility for such
equipment, software or services. we also do not guarantee that the jagex
product can be accessed in all geographic locations.

minimum technical specs and compatibility information is available on the
websites of the jagex products. for details click
[here](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/categories/200977411-technical-
help)

we cannot guarantee the ongoing supply of any particular jagex product.

### 16\. third party sites and technologies

jagex products may include links to internet sites or other technologies
supplied by third parties including sites/technologies which enable you to pay
by means of payment methods provided by third parties. we make no promises
about those third-party sites technologies or their content, products or
services as these are outside our reasonable control.

any third-party sites or technologies suggested are not endorsed, controlled
or verified by jagex. jagex does not guarantee that any suggested technologies
will work on your computer or be virus free. any suggestions made are not a
warranty of any kind and jagex is not responsible for any disruption, problem,
damage, data loss, cost or inconvenience caused by the suggested sites or
technologies. jagex will not provide support for any sites or technologies
which are not its own. jagex exercises no control over the copyright, patent
or trademark compliance or legality of the suggested sites or technologies.

### 17\. our and your legal responsibility

jagex products are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. to the
fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we provide no express, implied
or statutory warranties that you will be able to access or use a jagex product
at the times or locations of your choosing or that a jagex product will be
uninterrupted or free of errors, bugs, corruption, loss, interference, hacking
or viruses. accordingly, jagex is not liable to you for any loss or damage
that might arise, for example, from the inoperability, unavailability or
security vulnerabilities of the jagex product or from your reliance on the
quality, accuracy, or reliability of the jagex product. we also make no
guarantee that the jagex products will work with or can be accessed on any
particular devices, platforms, operating systems or equipment, or in
conjunction with any particular software or connectivity services. we do not
accept responsibility for such equipment, software or services.

jagex expressly disclaims liability for any loss or damage caused by us or our
employees or agents in circumstances where (a) there is no breach of a legal
duty of care owed to you by us or by any of our employees or agents; (b) such
loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach; or
(c) such loss or damage relates to a business. by using a jagex product or
services offered by jagex, you agree to waive any legal duty of care owed to
you by jagex, to the maximum extent allowed by law.

to the maximum extent permissible by law, our total liability, whether arising
in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, including liability for any
losses, costs, expenses or damages that you suffer in connection with a jagex
product or these terms shall not exceed (in aggregate} the monetary amount
equivalent to the subscription fees, relating to the jagex product, acutally
paid by you to jagex during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of the
cause of action first arising. notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these
terms shall exclude or limit jagex's liability for any loss or damage, to the
extent that such liability cannot under any applicable law be excluded or
limited.

you will be liable for any loss or damage we suffer arising from your breach
of this agreement or misuse of a jagex product.

we do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be
unlawful to do so. this includes liability for death or personal injury caused
by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors
and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.

please note that we only provide jagex products for personal use. you agree
not to use the jagex products for any commercial or business purposes, and we
have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business
interruption, or loss of business opportunity or any indirect or consequential
loss.

nothing in these terms affects your statutory rights as a consumer.

### 18\. how we may use your personal information

we will use your personal data as set out in our [privacy policy](/en-
gb/terms/privacy).

rules about linking to jagex products

you may link to our home page or provide links to a jagex product's page
within a third party app store or other third party site or platform, provided
you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation
or take advantage of it or the reputation of our products and services.

you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of
association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

if you wish to link to or make any use of content on a jagex product other
than that set out above, please [contact
us](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/sections/360000236977-contact-u) at
the relevant page.

### 19\. location alerts and notifications

a jagex product may allow access to or make available opportunities for you to
view certain content and receive other products, services and/or other
materials based on your location. to make these opportunities available to
you, the jagex product will determine your location using one or more
reference points, such as gps, bluetooth and/or software within your device.
if you have set your device to disable gps, bluetooth or other location
determining software or do not authorize the jagex product to access your
location data, you will not be able to access such location-specific content,
products, services and materials. for more about how the jagex product uses
and retains your information, please read our privacy policy.

we may provide you with emails, text messages, push notifications, alerts and
other messages related to the jagex product, such as enhancements, offers,
products, events, and other promotions. after downloading the jagex product or
software, you may, depending upon the device, be asked to accept or deny push
notifications/alerts. if you deny, you will not receive any push
notifications/alerts. if you accept, push notifications/alerts will be
automatically sent to you. if you no longer wish to receive push
notifications/alerts from the jagex product, you may opt out by changing your
notification settings on your device. with respect to other types of messaging
or communications, such as emails, text messages, etc., you can unsubscribe or
opt out by either following the specific instructions included in such
communications, or by emailing us with your request at
[dpo@jagex.com](mailto:dpo@jagex.com).

you agree to receive pre-programmed notifications on the jagex product from
merchants if you have turned on locational services on your mobile telephone
or other handheld devices (as the case may be).

### 20\. general

these terms and any document incorporated by reference constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersede
any previous terms between the parties in relation to such matters. the
limitations, exclusions and restrictions in these terms shall inure to the
benefit of jagex's licensors, successor and assigns. these terms are drafted
in the english language and may be translated into other languages. the
english language version of these terms shall prevail if there is a conflict
or inconsistency or clarification required with other language versions. the
headings in these terms are for ease of reference only and shall be
disregarded in construing or interpreting the terms. if we fail to enforce any
provision of these terms, that failure will not preclude us from enforcing
either that provision (or any similar provision) on a later occasion. if any
provision of these terms is found by a court to be invalid, we agree that the
court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected
in the provision and that other provisions remain in full force and effect. we
may transfer all or part of our rights or duties under these terms provided we
take reasonable steps to ensure that your rights under these terms are not
prejudiced. as these terms are personal to you, you may not transfer any of
your rights or duties under it without our prior written consent. a person who
is not a party to these terms shall have no rights to enforce any its terms.
these terms are governed by the laws of england and wales. you and we both
agree that the courts of england will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation
to any dispute connected with these terms or the jagex products.

### 21.force majeure

force majeure means any cause or event beyond the reasonable control of the
affected party including without limitation war, civil war, armed conflict or
terrorist attack, nuclear, chemical or biological contamination, pandemic,
strikes, civil action, unavailability of the internet, unscheduled hosting and
maintenance to systems, power and data losses and acts of god. we shall not be
obliged to perform our obligations under these terms to the extent that we are
prevented from doing so by reason of an event of force majeure. performance of
these terms may cease during the continuation of the force majeure event and
for such time after that event ceases as is necessary for us to start
satisfying our obligations again. for so long as such force majeure event is
continuing, our corresponding obligations under these terms shall be suspended
to the same extent. if such force majeure continues for a continuous period in
excess of four months, we may terminate access to the jagex products
immediately on service of notice to you.

### 22\. complaints

if you are dissatisfied with a jagex product or any aspect of it, please
contact us via the customer support section of the jagex product website
[here](https://support.runescape.com/hc/en-gb/sections/360000236977-contact-
us-). if you are unhappy with the outcome of your complaint, please write to
our registered office above providing us with the following information: your
name, username, email address, the full details of your complaint, jagex’s
previous response to your complaint and why you disagree with the outcome.
please mark the letter for the attention of the “customer support complaints
team”.

[ ](/en-gb/)

copyright (c) 1999 - 2021 jagex ltd. 220 science park, cambridge, cb4 0wa,
united kingdom

[contact us](/en-gb/contact-us) | [gender pay gap report](/en-gb/gender-pay-
gap) | [modern slavery act transparency statement](/en-gb/modern-slavery-act-
transparency-statement)

use of this website is subject to our [terms & conditions](/en-gb/terms),
[privacy policy](/en-gb/terms/privacy) and [cookie policy](/en-
gb/terms/cookies).

[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/jagex) [](https://twitter.com/jagex)
[](https://www.facebook.com/jagex)
[](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucttjunelx32fv9dzcbz3dig)
[](https://www.twitch.tv/jagex)

