Privacy We will not collect any personal information about visitors on this website without their explicit permission. Any personal information volunteered will be treated securely and confidentially in accordance with the GDPR Act of 2016. Personal information is collected upon contacting us. Your name, email address and optional information regarding your needs will be asked. We use this information to make a business proposal to you. Our hosting provider is collecting technical information, which we are not using, nor do we grant access to it for anyone.

Right of Access, Rectification and Erasure You have the right to ask us to advise you of the scope of information we process about you, the purpose and nature of the processing, and information on who we share it with. You can also request to update, correct, or delete it at any time. You can do any of the above by emailing gdpr@webseodesigners.com. We will reply to your request as soon as possible, or at the latest within one calendar month. To ensure that the personal information we retain is up-to-date, please email us. If any customer remains dissatisfied, they are notified of their rights to refer their complaint to the relevant Ombudsman.

Fair Processing Notice We protect your information from unauthorised use or loss and will not pass your data to anyone under any circumstances.

Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected. Wherever we collect information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed, green lock icon at your web browser, or looking for https schema at the beginning of the address of the web page.

Cookie Policy We do not use cookies. Please note that we are not responsible for other websites we may link.

Warranty Our service is provided "as is". There is no warranty of any kind including warranty of merchantability, usability, or non-infringement. We accept no liability for any claim or damages regarding our service.